feat: add `blas/base/wasm/sscal` (#5224)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/base/wasm/sscal/README.md

```javascript
var Memory = require( '@stdlib/wasm/memory' );

// Create a new memory instance with an initial size of 10 pages (640KiB) and a maximum size of 100 pages (6.4MiB):
var mem = new Memory({
    'initial': 10,
    'maximum': 100
});

// Create a BLAS routine:
var mod = new sscal.Module( mem );
// returns <Module>

// Initialize the routine:
mod.initializeSync();
```

#### sscal.Module.prototype.main( N, α, xp, sx )

Multiplies a vector `x` by a constant `α`.

<!-- eslint-disable node/no-sync -->

```javascript
var Memory = require( '@stdlib/wasm/memory' );
var oneTo = require( '@stdlib/array/one-to' );
var ones = require( '@stdlib/array/ones' );
var zeros = require( '@stdlib/array/zeros' );
var bytesPerElement = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/bytes-per-element' );

// Create a new memory instance with an initial size of 10 pages (640KiB) and a maximum size of 100 pages (6.4MiB):
var mem = new Memory({
    'initial': 10,
    'maximum': 100
});

// Create a BLAS routine:
var mod = new sscal.Module( mem );
// returns <Module>

// Initialize the routine:
mod.initializeSync();

// Define a vector data type:
var dtype = 'float32';

// Specify a vector length:
var N = 5;

> // Define pointer (i.e., byte offsets) for storing input vector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Define a pointer (i.e., byte offset) for storing an input vector:
```

mod.read( xptr, view );

console.log( view );
// => <Float32Array>[ 5.0, 10.0, 15.0, 20.0, 25.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **N**: number of indexed elements.
-   **α**: scalar constant.
-   **xp**: input [`Float32Array`][@stdlib/array/float32] pointer (i.e., byte offset).
-   **sx**: index increment for `x`.

#### sscal.Module.prototype.ndarray( N, α, xp, sx, ox )

Multiplies a vector `x` by a constant `α` using alternative indexing semantics.

<!-- eslint-disable node/no-sync -->

```javascript
var Memory = require( '@stdlib/wasm/memory' );
var oneTo = require( '@stdlib/array/one-to' );
var ones = require( '@stdlib/array/ones' );
var zeros = require( '@stdlib/array/zeros' );
var bytesPerElement = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/bytes-per-element' );

// Create a new memory instance with an initial size of 10 pages (640KiB) and a maximum size of 100 pages (6.4MiB):
var mem = new Memory({
    'initial': 10,
    'maximum': 100
});

// Create a BLAS routine:
var mod = new sscal.Module( mem );
// returns <Module>

// Initialize the routine:
mod.initializeSync();

// Define a vector data type:
var dtype = 'float32';

// Specify a vector length:
var N = 5;

> // Define pointer (i.e., byte offsets) for storing input vector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Define a pointer (i.e., byte offset) for storing an input vector:
```
